docs(disco): add warning about SID and en-route discontinuity (#888)
flybywiresim/docs: docs/pilots-corner/advanced-guides/flight-planning/disco.md

- Discontinuities between two waypoints in the flight plan
- Discontinuities after a MANUAL leg (Manual Termination)

### Special Cases

!!! warning "STAR and Approach Discontinuity - Inaccuracy"
    If your STAR contains other waypoints after the IAF (initial approach fix) that you have selected via an approach transition (VIA), the FMS will not automatically connect the STAR to the approach at the IAF.

>     This is a small problem with our current implementation. It will be corrected when we update to version 2 (fms-v2) of our implementation, which contains even better simulation of the Honeywell FMS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This is a small problem with our current implementation. It will be corrected when we update to version 2 (fms-v2) of our implementation, which contains an even better simulation of the Honeywell FMS.
```

!!! warning "SID and En-route F-PLN Discontinuity - Inaccuracy"

>     **In most cases** a discontinuity between the SID and your route is something that doesn't happen in real life. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **In most cases**, a discontinuity between the SID and your route is something that doesn't happen in real life. 
```

>     With our current FMS, the A32NX sometimes will create a discontinuity that wouldn't typically be there. In these cases it would be okay to CLR the discontinuity - 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    With our current FMS, the A32NX will sometimes create a discontinuity that wouldn't typically be there. In these cases, it would be okay to CLR the discontinuity - 
```

>     <span style="color:red">**provided you fully understand your routing and can identify it would not cause any en-route issues**.</span>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <span style="color:red">**provided you fully understand your routing and can identify that it would not cause any en-route issues**.</span>
```

    !!! danger ""

>         There are some important things to note why you shouldn't normally clear a discontinuity:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        There are some important reasons why you shouldn't normally clear a discontinuity:
```

>         - Turn radius between the two waypoints where the discontinuity is present

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Narrow turn radii between the two waypoints, where the discontinuity is present, which could not be flown by the plane
```

Author: added the word realistically 

`which could not be realistically flown by the plane`

>         - Understanding the different [Leg Types](leg-types.md) and if they are compatible to be conneted together

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Understanding the different [leg types](leg-types.md) and if they are compatible to be connected together
```

>         - Even if the waypoints form a direct line, it's not inherently completely safe to remove a discontinuity unless you understand the above points

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Even if the waypoints form a direct line, it's not inherently safe to remove a discontinuity unless you understand the above points
```
Use inherently or completely, but not both.

Author: chose completely

>     This is a small problem with our current implementation. It will be corrected when we update to version 2 (fms-v2) of our implementation, which contains even better simulation of the Honeywell FMS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This is a small problem with our current implementation. It will be corrected when we update to version 2 (fms-v2) of our implementation, which contains an even better simulation of the Honeywell FMS.
```

## Discontinuities Between Waypoints

!!! warning ""

>     Based on the [Special Cases](#special-cases) above these discontinuities **should not** be cleared from the flight plan in normal operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Based on the [special cases](#special-cases) above, these discontinuities **should not** be cleared from the flight plan in normal operations.
```

!!! info "Normal Discontinuity in the MCDU F-PLN Page"
     ![Normal Discontinuity](../../assets/advanced-guides/disco/mcdu-discontinuity-1.png "Normal Discontinuity")

### Discontinuity After Deleting Waypoints

> If you delete a waypoint manually a discontinuity will be inserted instead. This discontinuity can be deleted to connect the route back together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you delete a waypoint manually, a discontinuity will be inserted instead. This discontinuity can be deleted to connect the route back together.
```

    !!! warning "MANUAL label to be removed!"
        The MANUAL label on the ND will be removed in a future version, as it is not displayed in the real aircraft.

## Special Cases

!!! warning "SID and En-route F-PLN Discontinuity - Inaccuracy"
    **In most cases**, a discontinuity between the SID and your route is something that doesn't happen in real life.

    With our current FMS, the A32NX will sometimes create a discontinuity that wouldn't typically be there. In these cases it would be okay to CLR the discontinuity - 
    <span style="color:red">**provided you fully understand your routing and can identify that it would not cause any en-route issues**.</span>

    !!! danger ""
        There are some important reasons why you shouldn't normally clear a discontinuity:

        - Narrow turn radii between the two waypoints, where the discontinuity is present, which could not realistically be flown by the plane

>         - Understanding the different [leg types](leg-types.md) and if they are compatible to be connected together

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Different [leg types](leg-types.md), which are not compatible to be connected together
```

>         - Even if the waypoints form a direct line, it's not completely safe to remove a discontinuity unless you understand the above points

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even if the waypoints form a direct line, it's not completely safe to remove a discontinuity unless you understand the above points
```
